Datasource (#6980)
GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules: mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/d/sql_database_instances.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Cloud SQL"
page_title: "Google: google_sql_database_instances"
description: |-
  Get a list of SQL database instances in a project in Google Cloud SQL.
---

> # google\_sql\_database\_instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# google\_sql\_database\_instances
```

Use this data source to get information about a list of Cloud SQL instances in a project. You can also apply some filters over this list to get a more filtered list of Cloud SQL instances.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "google_sql_database_instances" "qa" {
  project = "test-project"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> * `project` - (optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs. If it is not provided, the provider project is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `project` - (optional) The ID of the project in which the resources belong. If it is not provided, the provider project is used.
```

* `database_version` - (optional) To filter out the Cloud SQL instances which are of the specified database version.

* `region` - (optional) To filter out the Cloud SQL instances which are located in the specified region.

> * `zone` - (optional) To filter out the Cloud SQL instances which are located in the specified zone.

Reviewer 2: Let's check if this is same as location_preference.zone or not and update the documentation here.

Author: I have updated the documentation to add that clarity.
